README.md, before:

# Awesome-Ruby-on-Rails
When coding beginners ask which language they should learn first, most often they will find others recommending them to start out with Ruby on Rails, as it is fairly easy to learn and helps beginners understand how coding langauge works. With the help of these useful resources online, it is way easier for you to enter the world of RoR Development. Here are some websites you might want to take a look!

## Best Collection of Ruby on Rails Tutorials
- Learning Center-[Ruby on Rails Learning Center](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails)
- Tutorials-[Ruby on Rails Tutorials for Beginners and Programmers](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial)
- Guide-[Learn Ruby on Rails Online](https://www.codementor.io/learn-ruby-on-rails-online)


## Online Help
- [1:1 Ruby on Rails Help from Proven Experts](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails-experts)
- [Monthly Mentorship](https://www.codementor.io/monthly)


## Platform for Ruby on Rails Tutorials
- [Why's (Poignant) Guide to Ruby](http://mislav.uniqpath.com/poignant-guide/)
- [Ruby on Rails Tutorial](http://www.railstutorial.org/)
- [Learn Ruby the Hard Way](http://ruby.learncodethehardway.org/book/)
- [UT on Rails](http://www.schneems.com/ut-rails/)
- [Ruby Monk](https://rubymonk.com/)

## General Topics for Beginners
- [Q&A with Ruby on Rails Tutorial’s Michael Hartl](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/michael-hartl-learn-ruby-on-rails-beginner)
- [Avoid Instance Variables, Use Getters and Setters](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/avoid-instance-variables-use-getters-and-setters)
- [Rails. Omniauth with devise (github example)](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/rails-omniauth-with-devise--github-example)
- [Ruby on Rails Q&A With Rails Contributor Steve Klabnik](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/rails-qa-rails-contributor-steve-klabnik)
- [Steve Klabnik’s 9 Words of Advice for Programming Beginners](https://www.codementor.io/programming/tutorial/steve-klabniks-9-words-advice-programming-beginners)
- [How to Build a Robust JSON API client with Ruby](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/how-to-build-a-robust-json-api-client-with-ruby-httparty)
- [Automatically Authenticate Email Login Tokens With Rails & Devise](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/devise-rails-build-automatic-login-tokens-email)
- [Decoupling Requests in Trailblazer Operations](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/decoupling-requests-trailblazer-operations)
- [Validations and Classes](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/validations-model-classes-trailblazer)
- [A New Architecture For Rails by Nick Sutterer](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/trailblazer-office-hours-a-new-architecture-for-rails)
- [Trailblazer – A New Architecture For Rails](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/ruby-on-rails-office-hours-with-nick-sutterer-trailblazer)
- [Steve Klabnik on the Future of TDD and Testing](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/steve-klabnik-future-tdd-testing)
- [Steve Klabnik’s Codementor Office Hours: Working on Open Source, Large and Small](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/steve-klabnik-on-open-source)
- [As a new Rubyist what can I do to become a GREAT developer?](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/as-a-new-rubyist-what-can-i-do-to-become-a-great-developer)
- [How to debug AJAX in Rails](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/tutorial-how-to-debug-ajax-in-rails)
- [Staying On Top Of Your Technical Debt](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/staying-on-top-of-your-technical-debt)

## Tips
- [Upload video files with Rails, paperclip and jquery-upload-file library](https://www.codementor.io/tips/3348027127/upload-video-files-with-rails-paperclip-and-jquery-upload-file-library)
- [Writing a Calendar in Ruby - Part 2 - Decorating Ruby Classes to Extend Behavior](https://www.codementor.io/tips/5543378231/writing-a-calendar-in-ruby-part-2-decorating-ruby-classes-to-extend-behavior)
- [Postgres not installing/working properly in Rails app on an older Mac OS and a messed up terminal prompt](https://www.codementor.io/tips/4534721378/postgres-not-installing-working-properly-in-rails-app-on-an-older-mac-os-and-a-messed-up-terminal-prompt)
- [Getting the mysql database to work with Rails 4 in the lynda.com tutorial](https://www.codementor.io/tips/4533721388/getting-the-mysql-database-to-work-with-rails-4-in-the-lynda-com-tutorial)
- [Ruby: Searching and Replacing using Regular Expressions](https://www.codementor.io/tips/1334923783/ruby-searching-and-replacing-using-regular-expressions)
- [Help to deploy application to Heroku](https://www.codementor.io/tips/1394523781/help-to-deploy-application-to-heroku)
- [Weighted Average Grade Calculation - hash iteration with nil](https://www.codementor.io/tips/0138438672/weighted-average-grade-calculation-hash-iteration-with-nil)
- [Getting 'symbolize_keys' error in unit test](https://www.codementor.io/tips/8348713295/getting-symbolize_keys-error-in-unit-test)
- [ActiveRecord: how to select helper method result as a field?](https://www.codementor.io/tips/8383241775/activerecord-how-to-select-helper-method-result-as-a-field)
- [Get coordinates by address in ruby](https://www.codementor.io/tips/8247833137/get-coordinates-by-address-in-ruby)
- [Which ActiveRecord query is faster?](https://www.codementor.io/tips/7214273388/which-activerecord-query-is-faster)


## Videos
- [A 60-minute Q&A with Michael Hartl, author of the Ruby on Rails Tutorial](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/4529650713/a-60-minute-q-a-with-michael-hartl-author-of-the-ruby-on-rails-tutorial)
- [Beginner's Guide to Starting a New Rails Project: Live Code and Open Q&A](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/5126349089/rails-getting-started-and-open-qa)
- [Trailblazer Office Hours: A New Architecture For Rails by Nick Sutterer](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/2169403735/trailblazer-office-hours-a-new-architecture-for-rails-by-nick-sutterer)
- [Working on Open Source, Large and Small](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/0171936245/working-on-open-source-large-and-small)



## Documentations
- [Ruby on Rails Guides](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/)
- [Ruby Docs](http://rubydocs.org/)
- [RubyDoc.info](http://www.rubydoc.info/)
- [API Dock](http://apidock.com/rails)


## Courses
- [Code School](https://www.codeschool.com/)
- [One Month Rails](https://onemonth.com/courses/one-month-rails)
- [Treehouse](http://teamtreehouse.com/features/ruby)
- [Pluralsight](http://pluralsight.com/training/Courses#ruby)
- [Tealeaf Academy](http://www.gotealeaf.com/)


## Developer Tools
- [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/)
- [Vim](http://www.vim.org/)
- [Aptana](http://www.aptana.com/)
- [RSpec](http://rspec.info/)
- [Pry](http://pryrepl.org/)
- [Guard](http://guardgem.org/)
- [RubyMine](http://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/)
- [The Ruby Toolbox](https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/)

Commit message:

Add new kid on the block: Semicolon&Sons Rails screencasts

README.md, after:

# Awesome-Ruby-on-Rails
When coding beginners ask which language they should learn first, most often they will find others recommending them to start out with Ruby on Rails, as it is fairly easy to learn and helps beginners understand how coding langauge works. With the help of these useful resources online, it is way easier for you to enter the world of RoR Development. Here are some websites you might want to take a look!

## Best Collection of Ruby on Rails Tutorials
- Learning Center-[Ruby on Rails Learning Center](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails)
- Tutorials-[Ruby on Rails Tutorials for Beginners and Programmers](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial)
- Guide-[Learn Ruby on Rails Online](https://www.codementor.io/learn-ruby-on-rails-online)


## Online Help
- [1:1 Ruby on Rails Help from Proven Experts](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails-experts)
- [Monthly Mentorship](https://www.codementor.io/monthly)


## Platform for Ruby on Rails Tutorials
- [Why's (Poignant) Guide to Ruby](http://mislav.uniqpath.com/poignant-guide/)
- [Ruby on Rails Tutorial](http://www.railstutorial.org/)
- [Learn Ruby the Hard Way](http://ruby.learncodethehardway.org/book/)
- [UT on Rails](http://www.schneems.com/ut-rails/)
- [Ruby Monk](https://rubymonk.com/)
- [Semicolon&Sons](https://www.semicolonandsons.com/series/Inside-The-Muse) - Screencasts showing how to run a production Rails app with real users and money flowing through it (plus all the complications that accompany this)

## General Topics for Beginners
- [Q&A with Ruby on Rails Tutorial’s Michael Hartl](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/michael-hartl-learn-ruby-on-rails-beginner)
- [Avoid Instance Variables, Use Getters and Setters](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/avoid-instance-variables-use-getters-and-setters)
- [Rails. Omniauth with devise (github example)](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/rails-omniauth-with-devise--github-example)
- [Ruby on Rails Q&A With Rails Contributor Steve Klabnik](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/rails-qa-rails-contributor-steve-klabnik)
- [Steve Klabnik’s 9 Words of Advice for Programming Beginners](https://www.codementor.io/programming/tutorial/steve-klabniks-9-words-advice-programming-beginners)
- [How to Build a Robust JSON API client with Ruby](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/how-to-build-a-robust-json-api-client-with-ruby-httparty)
- [Automatically Authenticate Email Login Tokens With Rails & Devise](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/devise-rails-build-automatic-login-tokens-email)
- [Decoupling Requests in Trailblazer Operations](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/decoupling-requests-trailblazer-operations)
- [Validations and Classes](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/validations-model-classes-trailblazer)
- [A New Architecture For Rails by Nick Sutterer](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/trailblazer-office-hours-a-new-architecture-for-rails)
- [Trailblazer – A New Architecture For Rails](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/ruby-on-rails-office-hours-with-nick-sutterer-trailblazer)
- [Steve Klabnik on the Future of TDD and Testing](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/steve-klabnik-future-tdd-testing)
- [Steve Klabnik’s Codementor Office Hours: Working on Open Source, Large and Small](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/steve-klabnik-on-open-source)
- [As a new Rubyist what can I do to become a GREAT developer?](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/as-a-new-rubyist-what-can-i-do-to-become-a-great-developer)
- [How to debug AJAX in Rails](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/tutorial-how-to-debug-ajax-in-rails)
- [Staying On Top Of Your Technical Debt](https://www.codementor.io/ruby-on-rails/tutorial/staying-on-top-of-your-technical-debt)

## Tips
- [Upload video files with Rails, paperclip and jquery-upload-file library](https://www.codementor.io/tips/3348027127/upload-video-files-with-rails-paperclip-and-jquery-upload-file-library)
- [Writing a Calendar in Ruby - Part 2 - Decorating Ruby Classes to Extend Behavior](https://www.codementor.io/tips/5543378231/writing-a-calendar-in-ruby-part-2-decorating-ruby-classes-to-extend-behavior)
- [Postgres not installing/working properly in Rails app on an older Mac OS and a messed up terminal prompt](https://www.codementor.io/tips/4534721378/postgres-not-installing-working-properly-in-rails-app-on-an-older-mac-os-and-a-messed-up-terminal-prompt)
- [Getting the mysql database to work with Rails 4 in the lynda.com tutorial](https://www.codementor.io/tips/4533721388/getting-the-mysql-database-to-work-with-rails-4-in-the-lynda-com-tutorial)
- [Ruby: Searching and Replacing using Regular Expressions](https://www.codementor.io/tips/1334923783/ruby-searching-and-replacing-using-regular-expressions)
- [Help to deploy application to Heroku](https://www.codementor.io/tips/1394523781/help-to-deploy-application-to-heroku)
- [Weighted Average Grade Calculation - hash iteration with nil](https://www.codementor.io/tips/0138438672/weighted-average-grade-calculation-hash-iteration-with-nil)
- [Getting 'symbolize_keys' error in unit test](https://www.codementor.io/tips/8348713295/getting-symbolize_keys-error-in-unit-test)
- [ActiveRecord: how to select helper method result as a field?](https://www.codementor.io/tips/8383241775/activerecord-how-to-select-helper-method-result-as-a-field)
- [Get coordinates by address in ruby](https://www.codementor.io/tips/8247833137/get-coordinates-by-address-in-ruby)
- [Which ActiveRecord query is faster?](https://www.codementor.io/tips/7214273388/which-activerecord-query-is-faster)


## Videos
- [A 60-minute Q&A with Michael Hartl, author of the Ruby on Rails Tutorial](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/4529650713/a-60-minute-q-a-with-michael-hartl-author-of-the-ruby-on-rails-tutorial)
- [Beginner's Guide to Starting a New Rails Project: Live Code and Open Q&A](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/5126349089/rails-getting-started-and-open-qa)
- [Trailblazer Office Hours: A New Architecture For Rails by Nick Sutterer](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/2169403735/trailblazer-office-hours-a-new-architecture-for-rails-by-nick-sutterer)
- [Working on Open Source, Large and Small](https://www.codementor.io/officehours/0171936245/working-on-open-source-large-and-small)



## Documentations
- [Ruby on Rails Guides](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/)
- [Ruby Docs](http://rubydocs.org/)
- [RubyDoc.info](http://www.rubydoc.info/)
- [API Dock](http://apidock.com/rails)


## Courses
- [Code School](https://www.codeschool.com/)
- [One Month Rails](https://onemonth.com/courses/one-month-rails)
- [Treehouse](http://teamtreehouse.com/features/ruby)
- [Pluralsight](http://pluralsight.com/training/Courses#ruby)
- [Tealeaf Academy](http://www.gotealeaf.com/)


## Developer Tools
- [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/)
- [Vim](http://www.vim.org/)
- [Aptana](http://www.aptana.com/)
- [RSpec](http://rspec.info/)
- [Pry](http://pryrepl.org/)
- [Guard](http://guardgem.org/)
- [RubyMine](http://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/)
- [The Ruby Toolbox](https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/)
